An Employee is not automatically promoted in a career ladder.
The intent is to provide him or her with opportunity for advancement.
The Employee starts at an entry level position that requires
basic skills.
Over time, the Employee receives training and assignments of more
complex work at each position level.
This means that as an Employee successfully completes more
advanced duties, the career ladder enables him or her to
continue assuming a broader range of duties.
For each level on the ladder, the Department informs the
Employee of his or her responsibilities using a
position description or a career ladder plan tailored to the position.
Whenever the Department revises an Employee's career ladder
plan, the Employee will be provided a copy of the revised
plan within 30 calendar days of the revision.